Adding repository location to the addons tutorial (#2304)
openhab/openhab-docs: developers/index.md

Not sure what to choose?: openHAB maintainers use [Eclipse IDE](https://wiki.eclipse.org/Eclipse_Installer).

## Make your own copy of the code base

> OpenHAB has [several repositories](https://github.com/openhab) on GitHub. You can find a list of them in the Developer Appendix of this 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
openHAB has [several repositories](https://github.com/openhab) on GitHub.
The most important ones are listed in the [Contribution section of the Developer Appendix](contributing.html#the-repositories). 
```

> documentation, in the [Contribuiting](https://www.openhab.org/docs/developer/contributing.html) section.

Reviewer 2: type in Contribuiting and please don't use absolute links. Use the following instead.

``
[Contributing](contributing.html) section.
``

> documentation, in the [Contribuiting](https://www.openhab.org/docs/developer/contributing.html) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Remove this line, see comment above.

> For this tutorial, you'll want to clone the [OpenHAB-addons](https://github.com/openhab/openhab-addons) repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this tutorial, you'll need to fork the [openhab-addons](https://github.com/openhab/openhab-addons) repository (press the fork button in GitHub) and then clone your fork.
```
